🌐 [i18n-KO] docs: ko: Chap3 Transformer architectures for audio (#94)
huggingface/audio-transformers-course: chapters/ko/chapter3/quiz.mdx

<!-- DISABLE-FRONTMATTER-SECTIONS -->

> # 코스 자료에 대한 이해도를 확인해보세요[[check-your-understanding-of-the-course-material]]

Author: ```suggestion
# 이번 코스에 대한 이해도를 확인해보세요[[check-your-understanding-of-the-course-material]]
```
